Hey guys welcome back.
OK so this lecture what we do is just go through a quick little routine for promoting your and scam
live so you can make a story really fast and then how to convert that into a post or the other way around.
Very simple.
Personally I think that I like to post these like an hour before just because if I posted the day before
it really just depends how important that is whether or not the person or members to come back to your
account at the time of I think if you do it like an hour or even 30 minutes or 20 minutes before well
not as many people will see your post breaks.
People aren't checking in on it.
The people that do see your posts are much more likely to stick around and check it out.
OK so what I'm going to do is just do a story post and then try to convert that into a regular post.
So originally I did a poll a story post where I asked people to tell me specifically what item they
wanted.
And so I gave them two options and there was an Amazon echo or instax camera and actually godsake is
cheaper for like 40 bucks.
So let's see the results were 52 for him the echo daunts 37 for the instax 6.
So that's pretty easy for me honestly.
What I can do now if I wanted to is I could share this result or I might actually do.
So I'll share this result to my story.
So I'll send it to my story there.
So now I have a little story Delia.
So people can see oh hey this is what people voted for and then the next thing I'll do is create a story
with just the Amazon echo and I'll say live in you know an hour or something like that.
So I'll say live in probably 45 minutes that might give me enough time to do this.
So find the original image I have the echo dot.
There we go.
Squeeze it.
Great.
Now what I'll do is just put give away in 45 minutes.
So double tap if you remember this from when we were doing stories.
It works pretty much sitting in an exact way I'll put live in 45 minutes.
Now as a story this might be a little confusing but whatever we'll do with it I'll put the time on it.
Sure.
I put the date right there.
See Amazon EKU dot great tennis and blue something that maybe fits with it for the most part.
Then I might just want to tag my account so people can go directly to it or at least know that that's
where it's going to be and also put this with a hash tag so i can get a little more exposure.
So I mean like any tech giveaway.
See that's the thing.
Give away.
Yeah.
OK.
I think it's probably small enough to that it's probably useful.
So I think that looks pretty good.
I'll save that then what I want to do is send to my story share my story.
There we go.
And then probably what I'll do is just convert this into a regular post.
So now we have this is a photo and as a post I'll just put it like this.
So there you go.
I mean it's not the most beautiful thing in the world but it gets the point across.
I'll put this as a regular post and then delete it pretty much immediately later so that doesn't screw
up the pattern on my page.
So we go next great Whatever next.
OK.
So at a location where I'm at a give away at is Eastern time as my standard.
All right great man all terrorism movies.
Nothing like celebratory but Santa Claus because that's funny.
OK then we'll hit OK.
And then pretty much that's it.
I get to share this.
And then I going to go and the comments of hashtags just tap tap tap tap on Echo whatever blah just
so I can bring more people to my page.
So here we go.
And I think that looks perfectly fine.
And then I'll put a bunch Hastur eggs.
I would add more.
But same time I'm a little concerned that I'm just me grabbing a bunch of freebie people that aren't
really going to follow the account.
So I'm going to keep it simple with this and I'll do my usual pressure with the mowgli's.
So that should be enough to get some people's attention.
They all have a story and a giveaway post and I should be ready to go live in 30 minutes 40 minutes.
We'll check in with you guys then all right before we're about to do this.
All right.
See you then.